# Samsung-Galaxy-Note-10-Plus
This is repo for crash log of Samsung galaxy note 10+ model which after Samsung introduced android 11 OS major update since then I myself has been experiencing bootloop issue which could only be resolved by factory resetting phone. The issue was carried on to next major update android 12. The purpose of creating creating and storing this crashlog is to that someone or myself could find temporary workaround to this issue of resetting note 10+. (side note:- this issue has been so serious that I had to factory reset phone approximately 100 times by this 03/25/2024) and still funny as it was this issue was introduced from the android 11 when note 10+ was able to receive updates related to bugs and issue with this model however samsung decided to not to listen to their galaxy note users despite many of them complaining.

## Submitting crashlog 
 - anyone can submit their crash log as long as it's only from samsung galaxy note 10+.
 - as of right now I have not found any other way to recover crash log other than using official adb tools which you have to have your laptop authincated prior to the phone bootloop
 - fortunatly i am android enthusiast and had this usb debugging enabled every time( even when it first started happening from android 10) so thus I was able to get some crashlogs, however crashlog uploaded here should be of recent dates such as 1 year prior and after the 03/25/2024.

# Recovering from bootloop
- currently I have not yet found way to recovery from it however if you can get to safemode do it. I would absolutely recommend it however I have not tried to go safemode because of 1. either phone was in bootloop. 2. after recovering from bootloop I was afraid that since this is samsung phone's internal system(android OS) fault thus since safemode requires to reboot after pressing safemode through power menu I was afraid it would put phone to bootloop. (if anyone tried this please let me know or make pull request to update)
- This has been frustrating journey since 1-2 times I recovered it through the "repair apps" or similar option in recovery screen. this option i tried several by what i means 10-20 times and only worked once and it by guarantee does not fix this issue but it is possible to recover through this method if luckly enough.
- this option requires adb usb debugging enabled and authincated with device before the bootloop. sometimes it might work other time it might not but I used tool from github here is link https://github.com/rodion-gudz/Android-Tool, since device bootloops sometimes very quickly I sometimes doesn't have time to disable all packages by manually typing it though adb command line and this tool provides select all and disable button it is very handy, and it also shows the logcat of device thus use it to disable all system apps ! don't worry samsung have put safety wall to not able to disable most important so it will only be able to disable the system packages that could be disabled such as samsung internet. again this option might work but it did not work everytime. I highly recommend this method if you had usb debugging then do try this method before moving on to the next and factory reset method.
- Final and sureproof but heartbroken 💔 option is to lose your data and factory reset. this option works everytime the only downside is that you loose your data such as photos and downloads and documents files, anyother such as apps would probably be synced to your samsung account if you didn't disable sync already so you would in theory be able to recover apps.

# Support 
 - since Samsung decided to stop the note series so I do not expect that samsung will be coming to rescue us on this issue so this problem will be left to the community and probelms like this without expert people would often lead to being abandoned. I am genuinely note series fan and I hope this gets resolved however at this time of writing 03/25/2024 I had my phone turn to bootloop today and I had enough of this so as soon as i get money to buy next phone either I will be going to buy newer model (from Samsung galaxy S series) or buy the google pixel. I have had lot of hope for this note 10+ when i brought it however samsung broke that since issue was in the guaranteed time frame of 5 years of OS updates and to say samsung didn't even complete their 5 year updates promise. Samsung You disappointed so many note users that might be the reasong why they had to let go of your note series because samsung never even believed in dream of the note series. 
